what's up you two yeah this is um yeah
all right this is i'ma show you guys my
iphone alpha dad could see right there
t-mobile I hacked it unlocked it
actually it's all right okay here ya
guys ever watched on top I munchies or I
beer yeah that's really just though
that's y esta I'm moving to go to movies
and ipod video let's go to home I
munchies and this is my ipod guys that's
what you do whoa that's fine application
oh snap popcorn oh snap or what I think
I'm going to take one tonight take that
shit son I'm mad hungry hey its way to
pour it on the floor with a homeless yep
now at the angle just blew up the video
right now so i could say waitin for
really it's really hot tricks let's go
to I beer gangster sun block Bay passing
through Oh slow goes a bit like very
coming back wow this one's pretty
yeah well to harm I bug that it's a cool
application to a cool video so we do is
you wait and slide you broke it so what
say you hear something fuck that shit we
know you should push on the bug fucking
thirsty I'm hungry yeah I see a video
see you could pause that shit pause it
play just a mad leg out video son back
done where else do I have oh this how
you clean your screen it's like clean
your screen from the inside you click on
the web or recycling your screen from
the inside guys get this girl and school
yeah but I'm not like to watch this
because it's bad actually it's pretty
cool startup x-ray
it's really actually a video guys I'm
sorry I'm a knex I'm gonna make another
video soon because I'm pointing at a
time thank you post good things